README.md, before:

## dbc Sinatra skeleton
*with some person tweaks!*

**TO DO**

- Error handling
- Refine AJAX to toggle login/signup form

------

#### Requirements

The ```/login``` and ```/signup``` GET/POST routes and views make some assumptions about your app. Namely, it **assumes that you have a Users table**.

- You have a ```Users``` table (model is provided, migration is not)
- Users login with an email and password (as opposed to username and password)
- ```Users``` includes fields for ```first_name```, ```last_name```, ```email```, and ```password_hash```
- ```email``` and ```password_hash``` are required
- ```email``` must be unique
- ```password_hash``` is passed in through ```params``` with ```password``` processed by bcrypt
- You like AJAX

------

#### Includes

- Password fun with bcrypt
- Open Sans as base font, Bitter as paragraph font
- JavaScript with AJAX for logging in and signing up users
- Fixed top nav bar
- Sticky footer
- Sass for CSS
- Slim syntax for (most) views
- A few erb files in views/erb

Commit message:

users migrations and models; details about requirements for use

README.md, after:

## dbc Sinatra skeleton
*with some person tweaks!*

**TO DO**

- Error handling
- Refine AJAX to toggle login/signup form
- Cross-browser CSS (currently functioning in Chrome)

------

#### Important stuff

1. ```bundle```
2. Create necessary migrations (```rake generate:migration NAME=CreateTableNames```) and models (```rake generate:model NAME=Name```)
3. ```rake db:create && rake db:migrate```
4. ```shotgun```
5. Have a blast

------

#### Requirements

- PostgreSQL
- You like AJAX
- Numerous gems (```bundle```, bro)

* The ```/login``` and ```/signup``` GET/POST routes and views make some assumptions about your app. Namely, it **assumes that you have a ```Users``` table and are using sessions**. The model and migration are both provided for the ```Users``` table.
 - Users login with an email and password (as opposed to username and password)
 - ```Users``` includes fields for ```first_name```, ```last_name```, ```email```, and ```password_hash```
 - ```email``` and ```password_hash``` are required
 - ```email``` must be unique
 - ```password_hash``` is passed in through ```params``` with ```password``` processed by bcrypt

------

#### Includes

- Password fun with [bcrypt](http://bcrypt-ruby.rubyforge.org/)
- [Open Sans](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Open+Sans) as base font, [Bitter](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Bitter) as paragraph font
- JavaScript with AJAX for logging in and signing up users
- Fixed top nav bar
- [Sticky footer](http://ryanfait.com/sticky-footer/)
- [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) for CSS
- [Slim](http://slim-lang.com/) syntax for (most) viewsx
- A few erb files in views/erb
